announcement yes yeah let's do it uh let
me take this off
so that you can are we announcing
something we're announcing something
hi um do you want to come out of
the chat box chat's literal shadow first
of all
chad is saying new baby no well maybe
kind of actually a little bit
so the new baby is
our nonprofit uh we just established the
healthy gamer foundation
um
yeah it's it's i'm actually really
excited about this
what we kind of have realized is healthy
gamer
what we do here is we create products
and services
and content that help people
move forward so it's really like
something that helps fill the gaps of
what the system has kind of left to be
desired
um and the foundation is really more
about changing the system
more directly so we will be funding and
directly conducting
research we will be um
kind of applying that research to policy
initiatives that help
change the game for mental health um
across the board
the more i kind of it's funny because
this is all prompted by
um an lsf fundraiser lsf reached out and
said hey we want to do something for
mental health awareness month
let's partner up and we said awesome
this is great and then we got some
constructive criticism for you know why
would this support a company and this
and that
and i think um you know i stand behind
the company and what we do and we do a
lot of charitable work we do a lot of
community first work
but i think our goal
you know even outside of healthy gamer
is just affordable
accessible inclusive mental health and
if we can do that in a more systematic
way through a non-profit let's do that a
year ago you guys were
so generous and bjerg was actually so
generous
in supporting our fundraiser to just get
healthy gamer
coaching off the ground and since then
in just a quick trip down memory lane we
raised 125 000
last may um rather unexpectedly
we had no idea that it would go this way
and then we
turned it into a coaching program
cranked out
more content shot dr k's guide to mental
health
um have have done
a ton and still i think we can do more
and some of that is outside of the realm
of what
you know a company would do and it's
more about
what a movement or a non-profit can
really do
so i'm really excited um i never thought
i would
kind of say like to the trolls of reddit
thank you
but it really thank you like you guys
pushed us to kind of say like is this
really the best resource
um the best way forward so
we're doing it yeah so like
in general you know if you guys have
issues with what we're doing just let us
know like we're here to
we're people we respond we listen yeah i
i think that like
you know it sort of makes sense right
because we're incorporated right now as
like a limited liability company and
like
should charitable donations go to a
for-profit company i think it makes
perfect sense so like we're trying to
sort of separate some of these things
out
um and and we're really here to help you
guys and i think like healthy gamer has
been like
an evolving project we're definitely not
um you know it's been like one step at a
time
and so if you guys have other
suggestions or thoughts or criticism you
know people in the past have raised like
ethical
issues about you know people coming on
stream and stuff like that like those
all
i think we take super seriously um
you know i i think we try to do the best
that we can and we are by no means
perfect and so i think a lot of what
healthy gamer has become
has been because of what you guys asked
for and what you guys point out
and and like that's ultimately our
compass is what does this community need
and based on what you guys need we're
going to do our best to provide it
because it's the mission of like this
organization and
i mean it's crazy that it's actually an
organization now
um two but uh
it is to really try to help you guys and
it's like what do y'all need
i've been going down a rabbit hole for
non-profits and kind of what they do and
what they don't do
and i think um i wanted to kind of just
share a little bit about
i think our place in all of this so
i looked up non-profits that offer kind
of emergency services
and many many many of those that are
kind of under five million dollars
annually are local
they're place based there are very few
services that are kind of
international or kind of cross literal
borders
then looking up kind of mental health
non-profits
very few that focus on um
anything other than women or children
and
i think there there is work to be done
for general young people like high
functioning
contributing members of society um
or like could be would be and
i know i know we joke about like being d
gens and stuff like that but i think
there needs to be like just baseline
better mental health
not necessarily crisis not necessarily
for
like a certain pop like just women just
children just this just that
i think just affordable inclusive
accessible mental health care for young
people in general
modern mental health is is so
underserved right you look at our mental
health needs right now they're an
all-time high and sixty percent of
um the psychological workforce is
actually over the age of 50.
so what we're proposing is fresh ideas
fresh solutions
fresh people to kind of tackle what
modern mental health kind of could and
should be
so healthy gamer the company is all
about
creating products and services that fill
the gaps of today
and the foundation is all about changing
the system of tomorrow
i don't think they're paying attention
anymore i don't think so either but
i have to it has to be said sorry
good job good job
so mental health awareness month all
funds are gonna go to the nonprofit this
month everything that we raised from the
stream
from merch sales etc we'll be going to
see the non-profit so thanks for
everybody's support
and thanks to bert bjerg for coming on
yeah burger's legit dude
and donating um a year ago that was
awesome